To recap, the
blockchain ecosystem is
a living dynamic ever
changing ecosystem,
with many different stakeholders.
To mention a few of them,
we would include investors,
the government and regulation,
and media and advocates.
No ecosystem can exist
without resources,
and those are
the investors that pour
their resources into
different components
of the blockchain community.
In addition, the government
sets rules and
regulations around
the development
and use of blockchain technology,
and by different businesses.
Finally, the media and
advocates in Washington DC
and elsewhere,
have been important
sources of information
an influence as the blockchain
ecosystem develops.
Investment in the
blockchain is organic,
spanning across
multiple types of investors.
These investments can come
in many different forms.
For example, initial
coin offerings or ICOs.
Venture capitalists are
business people who
had been pouring
resources into the development
and use of the blockchain.
Corporations also serve as
investors in this space,
both for their own businesses
and in new businesses.
Consortia of many
different types also put
resources into
different components
of the blockchain
business ecosystem.
In thinking about investment
in the blockchain,
it's important to talk about
ICOs or initial coin offerings.
An initial coin
offering is simply
a fundraising mechanism
for new types of projects.
Cryptocurrencies
are sold an ICO is
in the form of coins or tokens,
these coins or tokens
are sold to investors in
exchange for some item
or even another token.
Today, ICOs may serve as
an important source of
resources for the development
of the blockchain.
Venture capitalists
have long served as
important sources of
resources for new businesses.
The same is true
for the blockchain.
Today, venture capital provides
active investment in many
different blockchain companies.
Here, venture capitalists support
and incubate,or grow
new businesses.
In fact, there are
many different ways that
venture capitalists can
invest in blockchain.
For example, they could invest
directly into
initial coin offerings,
they may invest in
cryptocurrency companies
such as token exchanges.
There are many venture
capital companies
that are exploring
blockchain payments,
or venture capitalists
may explore
investments in other use cases
for blockchain.
Many of which we've
talked about today.
Finally, venture capitalists
in private companies,
are building enterprise
blockchain solutions that can
span across companies and
leverage the use of
blockchain technology.
As the blockchain ecosystem
grows and develops,
we note that it affects
not only new companies but
also existing companies,
many of which are
large corporations or
even the Fortune 500.
Today, corporate investment
in the blockchain is
an important source of
resources for development.
Corporate investments
are investments by
traditional companies into
blockchain companies.
Since 2012, more than one
billion dollars has been
invested by corporations
into blockchain technology,
and that number is
growing rapidly.
It's important to mention,
that there are different types of
blockchains, private and public.
Due to the nature of
the technology and it's
distributed element,
there are private blockchains
that are available to
just a few companies or group
of companies rather
than to everyone.
Today, consortia are sources of
investment that can fall between
private and public blockchains.
Today, investments from consortia
into the blockchain bring
organizations from the same
vertical onto
a distributed database.
This creates a middle option,
the security of
a private blockchain
with the network effects
of a public blockchain.